_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder

latest_posts:
  enabled: true
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 new posts items
  limit: 3 # leave blank to include all the blog posts
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

Updated website with recent modifications

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: Home
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='mailto:hong.sh@snu.ac.kr'>hong.sh@snu.ac.kr</a> | Affiliated with <a href='https://aibl.snu.ac.kr/home'>SNU AIBL Lab</a> 



profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>Seohyung Hong</p>
    <p>서울대학교 의과대학 의과학과</p>
    <p>석박통합과정</p>
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page

announcements:
  enabled: true # includes a list of news items
  scrollable: true # adds a vertical scroll bar if there are more than 3 news items
  limit: 5 # leave blank to include all the news in the `_news` folder


---
Hello!

I am a `Medical AI Researcher` and an `MS-Ph.D. Candidate` at **Seoul National University College of Medicine**. My academic foundation is rooted in **Computer Science** and **Biology**, as I pursued a dual major Bachelor's degree at DGIST.  

My current research interests rely on `spatial transcriptomics` and `cell image segmentation` using deep learning. My ultimate goal is to enhance the `efficiency of medical data analysis` and facilitate its commercialization.
With hands-on experience in AI-driven biomedical image processing and computational biology, I have worked on fine-tuning cutting-edge models.

Please [check out my CV](/cv/) for more details.
